# DojoJS Seppuku

By JSSamurai

**REPOSITORY** <http://github.com/JSSamurai/dojojs-seppuku.git/>

DojoJS-Seppuku is a 'Dark VS-Code Theme', that was created for professionals.

There are sooooo... many VSC themes in the VSC marketplace. How do you choose? If your
anything like me, you have downloaded scores of them, if not hundreds. I started by trying
the themes that have been downloaded the most, then I tried themes recomended on forums. I
can say, with confidence, that I have tried enough themes to know what makes a theme good,
and what makes a theme bad, therefore; I can tell you, 70% of the themes are just plain
bad. The reason their are so many bad themes is becuase alot of them are quickly produced
by the same person. Its common for a developer to make a good theme, then swap the colors
around anywhere from a couple times to 100 times, offering those that download his/her
theme-extension-package 100 different themes, but really its a single theme that has been
color swaped several times over. A theme will not be good unless the developer creates the
theme, and uses the theme to develop other work. As he works (I use he becuase I am a he,
but obvously the developer could be a she...), he makes suddle altercations to his theme.
Changing a color by a couple points of R, or maybe B, changing a certain syntax to be
italic, or to not be italic, alters the color when hovering over an item in dropdowns from
editor widgets to be different than the titlebar menu drop downs. All these suttle but
consistant well thought out, tried and tested changes are what makes a theme good, and
very few themes in the marketplace have had this done to them. The ones that have been
worked on vigorously are actually not that popularized. Don't be afraid to try some themes
that only have 20-2k downloads, you might be supprised what you find.

that their are many VSCode themes out there. Still even with all
of the selection, only a few actually offered the readability, syntax highlighting,
beautiful look, and great feel of a theme that could be considered top notch, and
professional.

<br>

> ---
>
> ## Colors
>
> ---
